# Echo Chamge

I have been working with computers, and conducting various technical or artistic hobbies since I was 5 years old. My first pc was a DAK 8086, and my first gaming console was a Commodore 64. I love taking apart anything and everything. This usually results in the creation of either really cool devices, or the use of a lot of duct tape. I have a BA in Integrative Studies from ASU, my primary concentration was education, with minors in engineering & geology. I consider myself a jack of all trades, and a master in a very specific set of things.

My personal hobbies includes: rock hunting, off-roading, photography, modding, and taking things apart. With crafts, I am capable of sewing, beading, leather-working, computer graphics design, making scale models, and electronic circuit design, I am adept at combining components too. For photography I am currently running a firmware modified Cannon 2TI (Magic Lantern Firmware). At home I have 5 computers, 4 1/2 networked, 1 network printer, and two media extenders currently. I am very adept at scanning photos including transparencies/negatives. At home I have converted all my families (even extended families photos) into a digital library. Some of the picture actually go back to silver photographs from all the way to the early 1910's. It includes over 25,000+ photos & over almost 30gb of data. I further have converted many VHS family vacation tapes to digital format.

As for computers, I have worked with almost every operating system a person can think of and just love customizing them as much as I do other objects and electronics. When I moved over to my newest house I however, lost my primary workbench because of a moving mishap. I probably had almost 3 grand into that workstation. I used to make side money making power supplies, amps, and speakers (with full crossover circuits) during high school. I was the go to technician for our school's ROTC, which I took for 4 year in high school despite not being able to enter the military (Being a leader intrigues me, even though I do not understand why people need them. I was also the gopher for my high school's drama club. During high school I also learned a bit of piano playing. When the surprise youth center opened I helped out getting their computers up & running.

I started school at EMCC in 1997 getting my AA in general studies I also tutored at the schools learning enhancement center in both math and geology. In addition to the schooling during the summers until 2004, I worked at ADOT as a summer engineering intern. In 2001, I transferred to ASU Main for engineering, however, I had to take a medical withdraw and the dean of the college did not let me continue in engineering after that. From there I was transferred into the geology department where I was not allowed to continue there because they would not let me into the field courses due to my heart problems. The school disability resource center suggested I move closer to home to ASU West where I was again transferred into education. There I completed the whole elementary education core, however, I was not allowed to do student teaching. They cited that I may not be able to control the behavior of younger classrooms. The final change was to the new college of integrative studies, which allowed me to graduate with my BA in Integrative studies with a concentration in education. I did my capstone project working in archiving/collection maintenance at the Glendale Bead Museum. Thus ending my 8 years for a 4 year degree.

After college the only work I was quickly able to find was with the Home Depot. I lasted about 1 1/2 years at the customer service desk before being forced to quit do to health issues. I was unable to find work for 2 more year, then it was requested that I get into social security. A temporary work position was found, however, that position did not ultimately work out either. After an additional year, I obtained assistance to go back to school for networking administration and Red Hat Enterprise Linux Training. After graduation and obtaining my A+ certification as well as Cisco CCNA. I was able to find work after 6 months of searching at the Phoenixnap Datacenter as NOC engineer for 2 years, then another 6 months spent working with CCbill application services (Same holding company). During that time I started attending Western governor’s university, where I earned Comptia security + certification and Both of CIW Database specialist & web development specialist certifications.

